**Released 5st August 2024**

**For PocketMine-MP 5.17**

**EasyWarps v1.2.0** is a simple plug-in to set teleport points on worlds to make it easier for players to get around!

As this changelog is quite large, its accuracy and completeness cannot be guaranteed. Make sure you're looking at the [latest revision](https://github.com/ImperaZim/EasyWarps/blob/development/changelogs/3.0.md), as it may be amended after release.

----

## 3.0.0 Features
  The plugin has been completely rebuilt from scratch based on [EasyLibrary 1.2.0](https://github.com/ImperaZim/EasyLibrary) using the new features to optimize code and data usage.
  
  ### Completely redone commands:
  All warp management commands (create, delete, edit) now open a UI interface for easier use without the need to write large texts in a command.
  
  - **/warp create:** <br>
  When executing the __warp create__ command, an interface with text fields (name, permission, button text, button image, teleport message) will open. After filling in the values you deem necessary, click send!<br>
    - (__NOTE:__ After sending, the plugin will call the [WarpCreateEvent](https://github.com/ImperaZim/EasyWarps/blob/main/src/imperazim/warp/event/WarpCreateEvent.php) event if you want to use it in another plug-in.)
  
  - **/warp delete:** <br>
  When executing the __warp delete__ command, an interface will open with a list of existing warps, when clicking on one the plug-in will permanently delete the warp!
    - (__NOTE:__ After sending, the plugin will call the [WarpDeleteEvent](https://github.com/ImperaZim/EasyWarps/blob/main/src/imperazim/warp/event/WarpDeleteEvent.php) event if you want to use it in another plug-in.)
  
  - **/warp edit:** <br>
  When executing the __warp edit__ command, an interface with a list of warps will appear, after clicking on one, a new interface will open with text fields similar to the creation one.